At Menu Guru platform we recognize and value your right to privacy and we are committed to protecting your privacy online.

Our privacy policy is clearly explained in the lines below.

We ask that, before providing us with any personal information, you carefully read this document.

When using Menu Guru platform, you agree to our use of your personal information, provided that such use is in accordance with this policy.

If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use this Site.

What information do we collect? 

Users without register  

To take advantage of several features of the Menu Guru platform, we suggest that you register.

If you prefer not to register, you can take advantage of the functions of the Site that do not require registration.  

If you choose not to register, the information obtained by us will be more limited. 

We will obtain, for example, your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Site and track usage statistics. 

The IP address may vary each visit you do or may always be the same, depending on your access.  

Regardless, it is extremely difficult to identify you through your IP address and we do try to do that. 

If you reach our Site through a link or advertisement on another site, we also note that information only to maximize our exposure on the Internet and understand the interests of our users. 

All this information is recorded and used only in a general way, i.e. it is added to our database to generate General reports on our users, but at no time in reports about a particular user.

We have established a partnership with Facebook to offer instant customization at Menu Guru platform for Facebook members. 

If you have configured the instant customization as "active" in your Facebook privacy settings and made Facebook login, the Menu Guru platform will be customized to you when you visit, even if it's the first time you access the Menu Guru platform.

Facebook provides the information provided in accordance with your Facebook privacy settings. This information may include your name, profile picture, gender, friends lists and any other information provided.

Users with registration

Registering on Menu Guru platform has the advantage of being able to customize your experience. 

The advantages of registration increases with time as we are getting to know each other and introducing new features. 

Make your registration and enjoy all the experiences that the Menu Guru platform has to offer!

Upon receiving your registration, we collect your personal information, in addition to the non-personal information described above. 

Such personal information may include data entered manually by you in our forms, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, favourite restaurants, username and password.

We do not sell your personal information to third parties.

We do not share your information with anyone. In some parts of the Site there are links that redirect to other sites. 

If you are redirected to those same sites, there is the possibility of being collected personal information. These websites are not within our control and are not covered by this privacy policy. 

If it is found that your use of the Site is unlawful or damaging to others, we reserve the right to disclose your information obtained through the Site, to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in our opinion to prevent, remedy or take action in relation to such conduct.   

Use  

We will use your information only for the following purposes:
 
To send regular news and information about Menu Guru platform. For from time to time asking questions or asking for feedback for research purposes.

Links  

Links to other sites are provided for Menu Guru platform in good faith and for information only. The Menu Guru platform disclaims any responsibility for material contained in any site linked to this Site.